Overall, there are 29 clusters. 
The total number of points that were clustered is 18398
The average number of points per cluster is 634.4137931034483


cluster 0 contains 612 examples
cluster 1 contains 604 examples
cluster 2 contains 610 examples
cluster 3 contains 627 examples
cluster 4 contains 604 examples
cluster 5 contains 602 examples
cluster 6 contains 621 examples
cluster 7 contains 610 examples
cluster 8 contains 617 examples
cluster 9 contains 624 examples
cluster 10 contains 616 examples
cluster 11 contains 610 examples
cluster 12 contains 617 examples
cluster 13 contains 616 examples
cluster 14 contains 613 examples
cluster 15 contains 625 examples
cluster 16 contains 603 examples
cluster 17 contains 615 examples
cluster 18 contains 609 examples
cluster 19 contains 612 examples
cluster 20 contains 607 examples
cluster 21 contains 1227 examples
cluster 22 contains 617 examples
cluster 23 contains 626 examples
cluster 24 contains 604 examples
cluster 25 contains 603 examples
cluster 26 contains 611 examples
cluster 27 contains 617 examples
cluster 28 contains 619 examples
